
Name: Zhengyuan Zhu
Last 4 digits ID: 8274
Demo link: http://flask-tutorial-dev22.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/

CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q5, 3.30, Summer 2020   (c) DL, UTA, 2020


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text and screenshots. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text and your screenshots.

     When Questions 5, 8, or 10 are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here: Z.Z
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4a. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

 4b. Upload all data files (*csv, not this quiz) to cloud service. (?)

 4c. Screen capture (screen shots) may be saved as jpg, bmp, gif, or anything that we can see on our browsers. 
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 To recieve credit you MUST show (demo) AND submit the code (text only) on Canvas.

 5.  Please deploy (show) a simple webpage which will display your name, student ID, and IP address 
     and show us (send us the URL in chat).

	54.202.145.237
 
     If you are using Python this can be obtained through:
        import requests
        ip = requests.get('https://checkip.amazonaws.com').text.strip()
        { Please make sure to include "requests" in your requirements.txt }
     
     If using PHP or another language, make an HTTP GET request to https://checkip.amazonaws.com 
     and show the resulting IP on your deployed app.

 6. Then, screenshot your AWS EC2 page, showing your single running instance. 
    Please ensure that all screenshots are full screen with the OS date/time clearly visible as well as the AWS username,
    in the top right of the AWS management console.
    Save this as aws.jpg

 7. Start jmeter (locally) and run it (change parameters) until you get at least 1 (no more than 4) more EC2 instance 
    which were created by AWS for scaling.

 8. In the AWS EC2 running instance page, for all running scaled instances, copy the 'Public DNS (IPv4)' and send those in chat

 9. Then screenshot the AWS EC2 page showing MULTIPLE running instances, (those created by AWS to scale your app). 
    Save this screenshot as mul.jpg

 10. Deploy a simple webpage to show aws.jpg and mul.jpg and show us (send the URL in chat).

   http://flask-tutorial-dev22.us-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/


 11. When complete, return (send) this quiz AND the aws.jpg and mul.jpg screenshots
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

